The “How Do You Play the Game" Survey
The “Details about People" Survey
The “Pokémon Favorites" Survey
The “Ideals and Values" Survey
The “Likable People" Survey
The “Future Goals" Survey
The “Entertainment" Survey
The “What If..." Survey
The “Sports and Pastimes" Survey
The “More about Pokémon" Survey
This is a survey about how people play Pokémon\xfffeBlack Version 2 and Pokémon White Version 2.
This is a survey to find out details\xfffeabout people.
This is a survey to find out people's\xfffepreferences when it comes to Pokémon.
This is a survey to find out about the ideals\xfffeand values of people.
This is a survey to find out about what kinds\xfffeof people are most likable.
This is a survey to find out what\xfffegoals people have for the future.
This is a survey to find out what kinds of\xfffeentertainment people enjoy.
This is a survey to find out everyone's\xfffeopinions about hypothetical situations.
This is a survey to find out what kind\xfffeof sports and games people like.
This is a detailed survey to find out\xfffemore about what people think of Pokémon.
Which version do you play?
Are you male or female?
Which do you prefer, battle or trade?
Would you live in the city or country?
What kind of person do you prefer?
Which do you wish you had more of?
Which do you value more in a person?
What kind of Pokémon do you like best?
What's your starter Pokémon?
How do you play with your friends?
Where would you go with a time machine?
What's most important to you?
In the future, what do you want to be?
Are you a dreamer or a realist?
What kind of people do you like best?
What do you like about Pokémon?
What would you do with magic?
What would you do with lots of money?
How long have you played Pokémon?
What do you do in your spare time?
What kind of music do you like?
What kind of TV programs do you like?
What kind of movies do you like?
What kinds of games do you like?
What do you plan to work hard at?
What's your hobby?
What kind of job do you have?
Which Gym Leader do you like best?
What Pokémon type do you like best?
How long have you been playing?
The “Pokémon Black Version 2 or\xfffePokémon White Version 2" Survey
The “Gender" Survey
The “Battle vs. Trade" Survey
The “Where to Live" Survey
The “Smart vs. Athletic" Survey
The “Time vs. Money" Survey
The “Appearance vs. Substance" Survey
The “Favorite Kind of Pokémon" Survey
The “Starter Pokémon" Survey
The “What Do You Play" Survey
The “What Era Would You Visit\xfffewith a Time Machine" Survey
The “Important People" Survey
The “In the Future, I Want to Be..." Survey
The “Dreamer or Realist" Survey
The “Popular People" Survey
The “Best Thing about Pokémon" Survey
The “What Would You Do with Magic" Survey
The “If You Were Rich" Survey
The “How Long You Have Been\xfffePlaying Pokémon" Survey
The “Leisure Time" Survey
The “Music" Survey
The “TV" Survey
The “Movies" Survey
The “What's Your\xfffeFavorite Game Genre" Survey
The “What Do You Plan to Work\xfffeHard At" Survey
The “Hobbies" Survey
The “Jobs" Survey
The “Gym Leaders" Survey
The “Pokémon Types" Survey
The “Gameplay Time" Survey